JLM: You must be the revolutionaries that will transform life! And thoroughly change the society.
So this is the event right here. It costs 3 euros ... Not too bad!
So those who are watching me, they can go to the local bookstore and buy it for 3 euros.
We will all be in the streets, there'll be about 1,000 outlets... roughly speaking!
We hope -and we'll be ready for the 10th December: 1000 outlets.
JLM: Hello... Hello... how are you? You managed to keep some? They are sold out everywhere!
Woman holding the stand: We sold lots of them earlier... Before you arrived...
JLM: Why don't I have a beautiful badge like this eh? It is nice, isn't it?
Man: We're selling them if you want one!
JLM: The 170,000 involved in my campaign, show their support in a miriad of ways... You know I couldn't open 1000 campaign outlets if they were not there!
JLM:You're 16 years old, you know we propose the vote at 16. Take the program, read it, discuss it, and come see me on the Internet ok?
Man: Yeah I saw on Youtube your channel and stuff, I watched some videos.
JLM: In The Common Future, which is my program, being presented at the moment,
there is a vision for the world. This is not a bunch of measures, it is truly a vision for the world.
Woman: And you are the only one who shares my values. Thank you !
JLM: Thank you, Madam! I'm going to be emotional now!
Woman: No, thank you for being here! Really!
Man: I've never voted in my life, but at 63 years old, yesterday, I registered to vote. I followed your advice:
"register, and we oust them!"
There you go! And it will be for you!
The first time in my life!
Someone: Next president, eh!
JLM: Of course! You have to vote ok?
Someone: We will!